(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Just learn the Hint about Mukki
Summer!
Whole lens cam can capture your
face and movement.
Hurry up and massage your face!
Circus of Mukki Summer I
'm so hot from the morning that I
can't do it.
I'd like some shaved ice and strawberries.
Here you are.
Huh?
When did you start using an electric fan?
I've been using it since this year.
Electric fans are easier to use and don
't get in the way.
I'm glad you like it.
That's true.
I was going to throw that away, too.
You're going to throw it away?
What a waste.
You can still use this ice cream m
aker.
Well, it's the flow of the times.
Here you go.
If you don't need it, I'll
take it.
No, thanks.
Ma'am!
Give me an ice cream.
I'll have a melon.
Here you go.
You guys!
If you go out without studying, your mom
will scold you.
Ryo, is it okay for you to
sell oil in a place like this?
I'm not selling oil!
I'm eating ice cream!
Damn it.
These days, even kids say things like a
boss.
I ate it, I ate it.
If you eat something cold, you'll get
hungry and go to bed.
I don't care if I get hungry
and go to sleep.
I'll take it.
Okay.
Hello, workers who are struggling in this hot
hell.
Ryo, what's that?
It's an ice cream maker.
I got it from a candy store.
Ice cream maker?
You get everything you can get, don't
you?
What are you going to do with that?
I'm going to make ice cream.
It's obvious that I'm going to
make ice cream.
In winter, I'll make ice cream with
kotatsu.
In summer, I'll make ice cream with
kakigori.
I can't help it even if I
make katsubushi with this.
Senpai, if you're going to make
ice cream...
There's this Penkichi-kun
that Ryo-chan bought at the
supermarket last week.
Pen!
You can't do something like that!
In this gourmet era, kakig
ori has to be real.
I wonder if kakigori has
something authentic.
It changes depending on the time and place.
Last week, you were showing off this k
akigori machine.
I'll make it right away.
But Ryo-chan, if it's
authentic, you wouldn't use ice from the
fridge, would you?
If it's authentic, you'd have to
use Mont Blanc ice or Antarctic
ice.
Antarctic ice, huh?
There's a Nakagawa Concer
n branch in Greenland.
If it's authentic ice, it'll work.
In that case...
Huh?
Gourmet kakigori is
authentic.
I bought that ice.
Eat it right away.
Okay, but...
Listen, eat it right away.
I hate waiting.
Got it.
Then, take a break.
He gets serious right away.
What is it?
It's so noisy, I can't sleep.
Senpai!
The authentic ice has arrived!
Hurry!
The ice is here!
It's here?
Where's the ice?
One whole gyoza!
Yay!
This is all mine!
Here's 10,000 yen for the ice.
This way!
This way, this way!
That's it!
Yay!
This is worth eating.
I hate this.
It's so hot.
It's terrible to be blown away by
the wind at a time like this.
It's like being blown away by the
snow.
Yeah.
What's that?
It's amazing!
It's a gyoza!
It's an alien!
Anryoku Sankichi It's
delicious!
The shine is different.
Are you done, Ryo-chan?
Can I have some, too?
No.
Why not?
Just a little bit.
It's a precious ice I bought at
the store.
I can't eat it for free.
You're stingy.
Whatever you say, Nakagawa already paid
10,000 yen for it.
The ice is all mine.
You guys look good with the ice in
the fridge.
What a strange sound.
Compared to this, it's a
wonderful sound.
It's like the cry of a sp
arrow.
This is the authentic traditional Japanese shaved ice.
Now, I'll put some syrup on it.
It's done!
The material of the ice looks like a
bubble.
It's delicate and beautiful like a bubble.
I'll have a bite.
It's delicious!
It's different from the original!
And on the other hand, the smell of
water, the smell of the ice, and the
smell of the fridge...
It's really unpleasant.
This is delicious.
It's full of the romance of the
Taiko.
You have to come out of the cold,
beautiful ice to be born.
The world's finest shaved ice!
No, actually, this should be called shaved ice.
The shaved ice I made in the fridge
is no longer shaved ice.
Until yesterday, you said that the shaved ice
you made was the best.
That's right.
This time, I'll make it with milk.
Take that!
Don't steal the ice without permission!
You're under arrest!
Just a little bit is fine.
Thanks to this ice, I can clean up
the hot traffic.
Look!
The car is honking!
Hurry up and get to work!
Ah, you're so stingy.
It's delicious!
Mm, it's beautiful.
It's really delicious!
It's just like a gourmet shaved
ice!
I want you guys to eat it, too.
I'm really sorry that you're satisfied
with that kind of shaved ice.
The shine of this elegant ice and the
mildness of the kiwi...
The sound of the ice popping is like
the whisper of Venus, Mm, it's
fantastic!
This world is a paradise!
I'm going to boil it down!
The inside of my mouth is numb from
the coldness.
But when it comes to the 70th
cup, I'm a little...
Aren't you tired?
It's about time.
That's not true!
Is this what you call a good shave
d ice?
It's cold, isn't it?
Take that!
It's dangerous, so move over here!
It feels good, doesn't it?
Damn it!
Hey!
It's my ice!
Don't just stick to it!
I paid for it with my own money!
It's my one week's worth of
food!
It's a delicious big portion!
The strawberry flavor and the milk topping are
the best!
If I eat it all at once, I
'll get a headache!
Are you all right, Senpai?
Don't push yourself!
Did you give it to a neighbor?
What is this?
If you think this is just water, you
can drink as much as you want!
Two-thirds of a human body is
water!
I didn't know I still had this
much left...
All right!
I have a special service for you!
I'll give you this shaved ice!
I already ate it, so it's fine.
That's right!
I don't want it!
You take responsibility, Ryo-chan!
All right!
I'll eat it all!
I'll eat it all at once!
What are you going to do?
It's obvious, isn't it?
I'm going to eat it!
I'm tired of the strawberry flavor and
the milk topping!
I'll put some coke on this side,
and some ketchup on the other.
I'll put some egg, natto, and
a vitamin drink on this side.
How does it look?
Doesn't it look delicious?
Are you really going to eat it?
Of course!
If you keep eating, you'll get a
headache.
You'll get hurt.
It's getting cold.
I'll drink some tea to warm up.
All right, I'm warmed up.
I can't eat any more.
What are you going to do with the
rest?
I'll eat it later.
What's this?
Ryo, did you do it again?
What?
I didn't do anything.
You idiot!
Come here!
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
My ears are going to stretch!
What's this ice?
That's a phone call.
What?
This is...
It's a stage set I prepared for
you.
It's for me?
Yes, it is.
I was thinking of having you sing the
song, Ryu-hyo-nag
are-tabi, which you're good
at, at the karaoke.
Don't try to fool me!
This is ice from the North Pole, R
yo-chan bought it from Kei
-chan for 10,000 yen.
Ryo-tsu!
Would you like a drink, Chief?
I don't need it!
Get rid of this ice!
Do you hear me?
Shut up!
If you don't get rid of this
ice by tomorrow, you'll be transferred to
the North Pole Emergency Department.
There's such a thing as the North
Pole Emergency Department?
I'll make it special for you.
Do you understand, Ryo-tsu?
There's still a lot of ice left.
I can't eat it all today.
Oh, this is it?
The ice Ryo-san bought?
It's the real North Pole ice.
If it stands out this much, it'll
be a big deal.
What are you going to do with all
this ice?
I was going to make shaved ice out
of it and eat it all.
Shaved ice?
If you make shaved ice out of all
this ice, you can even ski.
That's it!
I'll ski in this hot summer heat!
This is going to be fun!
Rental skiing, rental snowboarding, and even
golf!
I'll make a lot of money and
get rid of all the ice.
It's going to be a great day!
All right, let's get started!
Let's do it!
Even if I break this hand!
Senpai, what are you going to do
this time?
It's true that money is involved.
Ryo-chan's source of power
is money.
Good work!
Carry the rest!
All right, Ryo-san!
Leave it to me!
Once you've set up the scaffolding,
the next step is the seat!
Okay!
This is going to be a piece of
cake!
Now the road is clear.
I wonder what Kankichi is doing
with all this ice.
We're almost there.
Ryo-san!
I brought a ski and a snowboard!
All right!
Leave them there!
Okay!
All right!
We're ready to go!
We did a pretty good job!
Come on in!
Ryo-tsu Snowland!
We're about to open!
What's Ryo-tsu Snow
land?
Come on in!
It's snowing in the middle of
summer!
It's a desert-like city!
It's the Karuizawa of
the lower cities!
This is the only place in the middle
of summer where you can enjoy skiing, snow
boarding, and even playing bobsleigh!
Come on in!
Let's go in!
Yeah!
It looks fun!
Me too!
The traffic jam has been resolved, but there
's still a long way to go.
Yes, yes.
Here's the rent.
You're not allowed to bring anything in.
Here, 30% for the group.
30% for the kids, the girls, the
grandpas, and the grandmas.
Now, how about it?
That snowboard.
Yes, yes.
Welcome, welcome.
Here you go.
Thank you.
This is going to be worth a few
million yen.
That's right.
Let's put it up for sale.
Come on, come on, come on.
If you're hungry, this is Snowland
's specialty, the ice sushi.
It's a dish that makes your parents
happy.
It's the kids' favorite, the omelet.
If you don't eat this, there's
no point in coming here.
Then I'll take one.
I'll take one.
Okay, I'll take one.
Wait a minute.
The rice part is shaved ice.
That's right.
It's cold, so it lasts a long
time.
How do you eat it?
Like this.
You dip it in jam and eat it.
It's refreshing.
Jam and sushi.
If you don't like raw food, how
about an ice curry that even Indians will
be surprised at?
Welcome.
Even the curry is ice?
I want that.
Let's go to the curry.
I can still eat as much as I
want.
I'll give you the stuff I dropped.
If you don't like it, I'll
give you a car and a ball.
I'll give you a small
picture.
Give me an old man.
Me too.
Don't push me.
Five balls are 200 yen.
Give me five.
Ten more.
It's already sold out.
I can't keep up with this business.
What?
What did you say?
You have a dormitory?
He makes a snow land in the park
and gathers customers.
He rents skis and snowboards
and earns money.
What a guy.
I have it.
If you make so much money, would you
like to buy another mountain?
Ryosuke.
What is it, chief?
I heard you're making money by making
this stuff in the park.
It's nothing.
I don't just deal with the ice.
I want to make a place where I
can interact with the local people.
I just want you to be happy.
That's all.
Then what is this?
Ryosuke.
I know you have money behind you.
Give it back to everyone right now.
No.
Wait.
Time out.
It went well.
Don't take it.
There are eggs, too.
Wasabi.
Wait.
Don't do that.
It hurts.
Wait.
Watch out.
It hurts.
Damn it.
It's mine.
I won't give it to anyone.
This guy.
Prepare yourself, Ryosuke.
I won't let you do that.
You're too naive.
It's collapsing.
What's
that?
What's that?
Where did everyone go?
It's time to go home.
Ryosuke.
It's strange.
There's no one here.
Chief.
Help me.
What?
I protected it.
Give this money back to everyone.
No.
It's mine.
Chief.
That's good.
Use all the ice.
He's a stingy man who uses
up all his own money.
I wonder if that's his nature.
Shut up!
To
be
continued.
Reiko Ikari no Dai Tsu
i Heki Yoroshiku Nan!
Subbed by Dreadopp and Z
edopp.